fix: link to react documentation (#43704)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-development-libraries/react/set-state-with-this.setstate.md

});
```

> React expects you to never modify `state` directly, instead always use `this.setState()` when state changes occur. Also, you should note that React may batch multiple state updates in order to improve performance. What this means is that state updates through the `setState` method can be asynchronous. There is an alternative syntax for the `setState` method which provides a way around this problem. This is rarely needed but it's good to keep it in mind! Please consult the [React documentation](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html#state-updates-may-be-asynchronous) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React expects you to never modify `state` directly, instead always use `this.setState()` when state changes occur. Also, you should note that React may batch multiple state updates in order to improve performance. What this means is that state updates through the `setState` method can be asynchronous. There is an alternative syntax for the `setState` method which provides a way around this problem. This is rarely needed but it's good to keep it in mind! Please consult the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html#state-updates-may-be-asynchronous) for further details.
```
Can we use the final link rather than the redirect?

Author: I agree, this is just how I found it before and I didn't want to break anything.
